Examples to address setting up secrets provider (#25)
pulumi/automation-api-examples: python/inline_secrets_provider/README.md

# Inline Program

> This program demonstrates how use Automation API with an `inline` Pulumi program and custom secrets provider. This examples build on the basic example in `inline_program`
> but uses a local backend and custom secrets provider, which requires setting the configuration and re-using it on subsequent runs.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This program demonstrates how to use Automation API with an `inline` Pulumi program and custom secrets provider. This example builds on the basic example in `inline_program`
but uses a local backend and custom secrets provider, which requires setting the configuration and re-using it on subsequent runs.

```

> To run this example you'll need a few pre-reqs:
> 1. A Pulumi CLI installation ([v2.25.0](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/get-started/install/versions/) or later)
> 2. The AWS CLI, with appropriate credentials.
> 3. An AWS KMS key, which you will replace for `secrets_provider = "awskms://aaaaaaaa-bbbb-cccc-dddd-eeeeeeeeeeee?region=us-west-2";` in `main.py`
> 4. Either have `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` set in your environment such that it can use the above key or set as additional `env_vars`
> to the local workspace options.
> 
> To run this example you'll need a few pre-reqs:
> 1. A Pulumi CLI installation ([v2.10.1](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/get-started/install/versions/) or later)
> 2. The AWS CLI, with appropriate credentials.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run this example you'll need a few pre-reqs:
1. A Pulumi CLI installation ([v2.25.0](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/get-started/install/versions/) or later)
2. The AWS CLI, with appropriate credentials.
3. An AWS KMS key, which you will replace for `secrets_provider = "awskms://aaaaaaaa-bbbb-cccc-dddd-eeeeeeeeeeee?region=us-west-2";` in `main.py`
4. Either have `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` set in your environment such that it can use the above key or set as additional `env_vars`
to the local workspace options.
```
